Known problems fixed in GtkAda 2.0

- Gtkada.File_Selection does not handle directory selection properly
  Problem:    When typing a directory name and then pressing the enter key,
              this generates a Constraint_Error instead of selecting the
              directory.
  Workaround: Use the tab key instead.

- Printing an XML tree to Standard_Output
  Problem:    When trying to print an XML tree (Glib.XML) to standard_output,
              an exception Status_Error is raised
  Workaround: Write into a file instead...

Known problems fixed in GtkAda 1.2.11/1.3.11

- Declaring new signals for widgets with a common parent
  Problem:    When declaring new signals (with Initialize_Class_Record) for
              two widget types that extend the same Gtk parent, the first one
              is not taken into account and the signal is not accessible.
  Workaround: Declare a first child of the Gtk parent, and make the two other
              widgets inherit from it. Declare the signals for this first
              child.

- Option menus not shown properly when using the GUI builder
  Problem:    When creating option menus using the GUI builder, gate would
              not generate a code that would display the option menu items
              by default.
  Workaround: Modify the generated code by hand, adding explicitely calls
              to Show (The_Menu_Item).

- Callbacks with same name not handled correctly by Gate
  Problem:    Callbacks with the same name in different top level widgets
              in the XML file were not duplicated in each callbacks package.
  Workaround: Use unique name among the project, or modify the generated code
              by hand.

- Connecting signals with Object_Connect might raise CE later on
  Problem:    When you connect a signal to object A with object_connect,
              passign object B as the slot object, it might happen than B
              is destroyed but not A. The next time the signal is emitted, you
              will get a Constraint_Error, since B no longer exists
  Workaround: Connect the "destroy" event to object B, so as to automatically
              disconnect the first signal when B is destroyed. This is now
              done automatically by GtkAda
